wwwroot\css\bootstrap\bootstrap.css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\css\dx-demo-pages.css
wwwroot\css\dx-demo-reporting-pages.css
wwwroot\css\dx-demo-richedit-pages.css
wwwroot\css\dx-demo.css
wwwroot\css\open-iconic\FONT-LICENSE
wwwroot\css\open-iconic\font\css\open-iconic-bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\css\open-iconic\font\fonts\open-iconic.eot
wwwroot\css\open-iconic\font\fonts\open-iconic.otf
wwwroot\css\open-iconic\font\fonts\open-iconic.svg
wwwroot\css\open-iconic\font\fonts\open-iconic.ttf
wwwroot\css\open-iconic\font\fonts\open-iconic.woff
wwwroot\css\open-iconic\ICON-LICENSE
wwwroot\css\open-iconic\README.md
wwwroot\css\open.iconic\FONT-LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\css\open.iconic\font\css\open-iconic-bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\css\open.iconic\font\fonts\open-iconic.eot
wwwroot\css\open.iconic\font\fonts\open-iconic.otf
wwwroot\css\open.iconic\font\fonts\open-iconic.svg
wwwroot\css\open.iconic\font\fonts\open-iconic.ttf
wwwroot\css\open.iconic\font\fonts\open-iconic.woff
wwwroot\css\open.iconic\ICON-LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\css\open.iconic\README.md
wwwroot\css\scroll-view.css
wwwroot\css\sis.css
wwwroot\css\site.css
wwwroot\css\site.css.bak
wwwroot\Document\0000000001\BG-SISVN_HD-SISVN200225-0001.Pdf
wwwroot\Document\0000000001\BG-SISVN_HD-SISVN200225-0002.Pdf
wwwroot\Document\0000000001\BG-SISVN_HD-SISVN200225.docx
wwwroot\Document\0000000001\BG-SISVN_HD-SISVN200227.docx
wwwroot\Document\0000000001\BG-SISVN_HD-SISVN240225.docx
wwwroot\Document\0000000001\SISVN_HD-SISVN21022028.docx
wwwroot\Document\0000000001\SISVN_HD-SISVN260225.docx
wwwroot\Document\0000000001\SISVN_HD-SISVN270225.docx
wwwroot\Document\0101218690\SISVN_HD-SISVN260225.docx
wwwroot\Document\0101218690\SISVN_HD-SISVN270225.docx
wwwroot\Document\0200664488\SISVN_PL-STATEWAY040325.docx
wwwroot\Document\2300280111\SISVN_BT-KTSC2025.docx
wwwroot\Document\2700622899\SISVN_BTDNB_PTC2024.docx
wwwroot\Document\3001778944\SISVN_BT-DLHG2025.docx
wwwroot\Document\4600403368\SISVN_BT-MTVTM2025.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS01-QD-Tiepnhan-HocViec.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS02-QD-Tiepnhan-ThuViec.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS03-QD-Tiepnhan-Chinhthuc.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS04-QD-TangLuong.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS05-QD-DieuchuyenNS.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS06-QD-BonhiemNS.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS07-QD-Thuong.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS08-QD-ThoiViec.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS10-HopdpngBaoMatTT.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS11-HopdongLaodong.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS12-Hopdongkhoangon.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS13-ThongBaothatdoiNS.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS14-QD-GiaoViec.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS15-PL-Hopdonglaodong.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS16-HopdongthuengoaiCTV.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\Doc_Template\HCNS17-Thoi hoc viec.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS01-QD-Tiepnhan-HocViec.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS02-QD-Tiepnhan-ThuViec.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS03-QD-Tiepnhan-Chinhthuc.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS04-QD-TangLuong.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS05-QD-DieuchuyenNS.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS06-QD-BonhiemNS.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS07-QD-Thuong.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS08-QD-ThoiViec.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS10-HopdpngBaoMatTT.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS11-HopdongLaodong.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS12-HopdongThuekhoanCTV.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS13-ThongBaothatdoiNS.docx
wwwroot\Doc_Template\HCNS14-QD-GiaoViec.docx
wwwroot\dx-head-manager.js
wwwroot\EX_mau\DMKHIMEX.xls
wwwroot\EX_mau\DMVTIMEX.xls
wwwroot\EX_mau\IMEXBC1.Xls
wwwroot\EX_mau\IMEXBG1.xls
wwwroot\EX_mau\IMEXHDB.xls
wwwroot\EX_mau\IMEXPT1.Xls
wwwroot\html5-qrcode.min.js
wwwroot\Images\Add.svg
wwwroot\Images\Back.png
wwwroot\Images\Backicon.png
wwwroot\Images\Button1.png
wwwroot\Images\Button2.png
wwwroot\Images\Button3.png
wwwroot\Images\Button4.png
wwwroot\Images\Button5.png
wwwroot\Images\Cancel.png
wwwroot\Images\Cancel.svg
wwwroot\Images\Change.png
wwwroot\Images\chat_background.jpg
wwwroot\Images\delete.svg
wwwroot\Images\detail.png
wwwroot\Images\Enflag.png
wwwroot\Images\erpAlert.svg
wwwroot\Images\erpBG.svg
wwwroot\Images\erpcolapse.png
wwwroot\Images\erpEmail.svg
wwwroot\Images\erpFav.svg
wwwroot\Images\erpHelp.png
wwwroot\Images\erpHelp.svg
wwwroot\Images\erpInfo.svg
wwwroot\Images\erpLangEN.svg
wwwroot\Images\erpLangVi.svg
wwwroot\Images\erplogo.svg
wwwroot\Images\erpSe.png
wwwroot\Images\erpUser.svg
wwwroot\Images\erpWeb.svg
wwwroot\Images\excelicon.PNG
wwwroot\Images\Export.png
wwwroot\Images\fileicon.PNG
wwwroot\Images\Frame.svg
wwwroot\Images\hethong.png
wwwroot\Images\Home.svg
wwwroot\Images\IAdd.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon quan_ly_mua_hang.svg
wwwroot\Images\icons\close.svg
wwwroot\Images\icons\copy.svg
wwwroot\Images\icons\info.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_avt.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_bang_theo_doi_gui_xe.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_bao_cao_nhan_su.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_bao_cao_tham_nien.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_bao_cao_tien_luong.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_bo_phan_nhan_su.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_cai_dat.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_cap_nhap_so_lieu.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_cap_nhap_tham_so_luong.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_cham_cong.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_cham_cong_phi_gui_xe.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_chua_tha_xuong.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_Chuc_nang_uu_thich.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_CR.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_dang_ky_lam_them.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_danh_muc_nhan_su.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_Danh_muc_tu_dien.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_danh_sach_nhan_su.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_DB.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_dinh_muc_nghi_nam.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_EN.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_GA.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_gio_vao_ra_chi_tiet.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_he_so_luong_thang.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_he_thong.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_HM.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_hm_cap_nhap_so_lieu.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_hm_danh_muc_tu_dien.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_ho_tro.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_hs_bao_cao_tien_luong.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_hs_cap_nhap_so_lieu.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_hs_cham_cong.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_hs_danh_muc_tu_dien.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_hs_dinh_muc_nghi.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_hs_kc_np.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_hs_lich_nghi.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_hs_ly_do_nghi.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_hs_ngay_cong_chuan.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_in.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_KC_NP_sang_nam_sau.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_lich.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_MG.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_ngay_nghi_ly_do_nghi.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_nghi_phep_dau_nam.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_noi_thong_bao.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_quan_ly_khach_hang.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_quan_ly_nhan_su.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_quan_ly_san_xuat.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_quan_ly_tai_san.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_quan_ly_tien_luong.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_SM.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_SO.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_sua.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_tha_xuong.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_them_moi.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_thong_bao.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_thong_tin.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_tinh_hinh_nghi_phep.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_tin_nhan.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_trang_cuoi_cung.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_trang_tiep_theo.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_tro_ve_trang_dau.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_tro_ve_trang_truoc.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_user.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_VN.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_web.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_xem.svg
wwwroot\Images\Icon_xoa.svg
wwwroot\Images\import.png
wwwroot\Images\IUser.svg
wwwroot\Images\khung.png
wwwroot\Images\loginpasshow.png
wwwroot\Images\Logo.svg
wwwroot\Images\menu.svg
wwwroot\Images\menu24.png
wwwroot\Images\Mesa.svg
wwwroot\Images\New.png
wwwroot\Images\New.svg
wwwroot\Images\pass.svg
wwwroot\Images\pdficon.PNG
wwwroot\Images\Print.svg
wwwroot\Images\Printer.png
wwwroot\Images\print_logo.png
wwwroot\Images\Save.png
wwwroot\Images\Save.svg
wwwroot\Images\sbot_icon.jpg
wwwroot\Images\sbot_icon_hide.jpg
wwwroot\Images\search.png
wwwroot\Images\Search.svg
wwwroot\Images\See.svg
wwwroot\Images\send_icon.png
wwwroot\Images\SISLogo.png
wwwroot\Images\SmalIcon.png
wwwroot\Images\smallicon.svg
wwwroot\Images\timer.png
wwwroot\Images\User.png
wwwroot\Images\User.svg
wwwroot\Images\View.png
wwwroot\Images\Viflag.png
wwwroot\Lang\en.xml
wwwroot\Lang\sm-en.xml
wwwroot\Lang\sm-vi.xml
wwwroot\Lang\so-en.xml
wwwroot\Lang\so-vi.xml
wwwroot\Lang\vi.xml
wwwroot\Lang\zh.CN.xml
wwwroot\lib\demo-resizer.js
wwwroot\lib\page-feedback.js
wwwroot\lib\page-helper.js
wwwroot\lib\page-nav.js
wwwroot\lib\page-section-helper.js
wwwroot\lib\reporting.js
wwwroot\lib\scroll-view.config.js
wwwroot\lib\scroll-view.debug.js
wwwroot\lib\scroll-view.js
wwwroot\lib\scrollable.js
wwwroot\Pict\00001.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\00002.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\00003.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\00004.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\00005.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\00022.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\00078.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\001.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\048.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\055.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\056.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\111.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\37813F0A-4CD6-48C9-9ED3-2F22EDEE8AB3.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\ABC.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\ADMIN.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\ANHBTV.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\CHIEU.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\CNCATVAI.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\GD.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\HN007.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\HN019.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\HUE.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\imgcancel.png
wwwroot\Pict\imgcheck.png
wwwroot\Pict\imgnormal.png
wwwroot\Pict\NVAO01.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\SIS.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\TUONG.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\tuyet.png
wwwroot\Pict\TUYETTT.png
wwwroot\Pict\User.png
wwwroot\Pict\UV001.PNG
wwwroot\Pict\VUONGNV.PNG
wwwroot\Reports.zip
wwwroot\Reports\VND\B\glso2_tt200.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\B\hdbanle.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\B\socthda_qd15_tt200.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\B\socthda_tt200.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\B\soth1.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\ARCTBH1.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\Arctbh1rpt.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\Arctbh1rptest.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\bangluongctrp.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\bckehoachbdnam.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\bckhkiemdinh.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\bcqrcode.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\bctaisancd01.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\bctheodoimtb.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\bctheodokkts.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\bcvanhanhtb.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\bienbangiaonhan.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\CACTPT1A.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\CACTPT1B.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\CACTPT1C_Nua_A4_TT200.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\CACTPT1C_TT200.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\cmthietbi.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\dangkysdtb.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\denghisuachua.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\dmtsthekho.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\dncnvlrp.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\glso2_tt200.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\hdbanle.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\kkkhosxrp.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\phieunhapkho.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\phieuxuatkho.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\qtdongbaorp.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\sctbrpvn.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\slttrp.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\Sobg1.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\SOCTHDA.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\socthda_qd15_tt200.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\socthda_tt200.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\SODMHDB.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\sosanhkiemke01.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\soth1.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\tktonkhovtpvn.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\tkvtscrp.repx
wwwroot\Reports\VND\VN\tsvhrpvn.repx
wwwroot\Script.js
wwwroot\upload_tmp\IMEXBG1.xls
wwwroot\upload_tmp\IMEXHDB.xls
wwwroot\upload_tmp\IMEXPT1.Xls
wwwroot\Word_Template\01.HDBT (song ngu).docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\02. HDBT-BH01TT.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\02.HDBT-BH01TL.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\03. HDBT-BH01TT.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\03.HDKT-BH01-DAOTAO.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\03.HDKT-BH01.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\04. HDBT-BH01TX.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\05.HDNC-BH01 (song ngu).docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\06.HDNC-BH01.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\07.BG_BT01.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\08.BG_GTGT01.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\09.HDKT - ERPSME.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\09.HDKT-ERPSME.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\09.HDKT-PL.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\10.BG_HDNC01.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\11.BG_SIS INNOVA.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\11.BG_SISMAC.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\12.BG - HDNC (Song ngu).DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\13.BG - PLHD (song ngu).docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\14.PLHD (song ngu) .docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\15.BG-ERP-Tieng Viet.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\15.BG-ERP-Tiếng Việt.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\16. PLHD-DT02.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\17. HDKT (song ngu).docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\17. HĐKT (song ngu).docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\18.BBNT HDKT_MAU.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\19.BBNT HDNC_MAU.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\20.BBNT PLHD_MAU.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\21.BBXN- CNBQ.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\22.BBXN - BT.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\23.BBXN-BQ.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\24.MauDNTT-KH-HDBT.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\25.MauDNTT-KH-PLHD.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\26.MauDNTT-KH-HDNC.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\27.MauDNTT-KH-HDKT.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\TK_01_MauBBXNDT.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\TK_02_MauBBXNCD.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\TK_03_MauBBNT.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\~$.BBNT HDKT_MAU.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\~$.BG-ERP-Tieng Viet.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\~$.BG_SISMAC.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\~$.HDKT-BH01.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\~$.HDTPM-FSC01.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\~$.HDTPM-ONL01.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\~$.MauDNTT-KH-HDBT.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\~$.MauDNTT-KH-HDKT.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\~$.PLHD-DT01.docx
wwwroot\Word_Template\~$.PLHD-DT02.DOCX
wwwroot\Word_Template\~$_03_MauBBNT.DOCX
wwwroot\Xml\soth1.Xml
wwwroot\Xml\soth1.Xsd
